WELCOME TO "THE LATE SHOW"!
I'M YOUR SHOWS STEPHEN COLBERT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
YOU GUYS HAVE A GOOD WEEKEND?
>> YES!
>> Stephen: I HAD A GREAT
WEEKEND.
I TELL YOU ONE THING, NONE OF US
HAD AS GOOD A WEEKEND AS JOHN
KELLY WHO IS OUT AS WHITE HOUSE
CHIEF OF STAFF.
A GREAT WEIGHT HAS BEEN LIFTED
FROM HIS SHOULDERS, NOW THAT
TRUMP WILL NO LONGER BE RIDING
HIM PIGGYBACK.
( LAUGHTER )
SO, I JUST WANT TO SAY
CONGRATULATIONS ON A JOB, WELL
-- DONE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
ON THE BRIGHT SIDE, I THINK
WE'VE FOUND THE NEXT HOST OF THE
OSCARS!
( LAUGHTER )
THERE'S BEEN TENSION BETWEEN
KELLY AND THE PRESIDENT FOR A
WHILE, AND PEOPLE WERE WONDERING
WHETHER KELLY WOULD QUIT OR IF
TRUMP WOULD FIRE HIM.
THEN, ON FRIDAY NIGHT, THE TWO
MET IN TRUMP'S RESIDENCE AND
AGREED THAT THE DEPARTING CHIEF
WOULD BREAK HIS OWN NEWS ON
MONDAY.
A PROFESSIONAL, AMICABLE
AGREEMENT... SO, TRUMP DID THIS
ON SATURDAY.
>> JOHN KELLY WILL BE LEAVING AT
THE END OF THE YEAR.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"I WOULD LIKE TO HUMBLY ANNOUNCE
THAT IT WAS ME WHO DUMPED HIM.
NO MATTER WHAT HE TELLS YOU,
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED.
I'M THE ONE WHO SAID WE SHOULD
SEE OTHER PRESIDENTS."
( LAUGHTER )
"JUST WAS NOT INTO HIM."
AND TRUMP ALREADY HAD KELLY'S
REPLACEMENT PICKED OUT, MIKE
PENCE'S CHIEF OF STAFF AND BRO
WHO'S NOT GOING TO LET THOSE
NERDS HOLD A LUAU ON CAMPUS
WHILE HE'S THE PRESIDENT OF
SIGMA PHI EPSILON, NICK AYERS.
AYERS HAD EVERY QUALITY TRUMP
WAS LOOKING FOR: EXPERIENCE IN
THE WHITE HOUSE, POLITICAL
ACUMEN, AND, MOST IMPORTANTLY,
"WITH A HEAD OF BLOND HAIR, MR.
AYERS SOMEWHAT RESEMBLES MR.
TRUMP IN HIS YOUNGER DAYS, A
FACT THAT THE PRESIDENT OFTEN
LOOKS FOR AS A POSITIVE SIGNAL."
(AS TRUMP)
"OH, WOW, IT'S LIKE LOOKING IN A
MIRROR.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE A GREAT SKIN
FARM... I MEAN... CHIEF OF SKIN.
I MEAN STAFF OF HAIR."
( LAUGHTER )
IT WAS SUCH A DONE DEAL THAT
TRUMP ALREADY PREPARED A NEWS
RELEASE ANNOUNCING MR. AYER'S
APPOINTMENT.
BUT AYERS DECLINED TRUMP'S
OFFER, AND ACCORDING TO ONE
FORMER ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL,
THIS WAS "A HUMILIATION FOR
MR TRUMP AND HIS ADULT CHILDREN,
AN EMOTION THAT THE PRESIDENT
TRIES
TO AVOID AT ALL COSTS."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( APPLAUSE )
AND THAT'S NOT EASY.
HAVE YOU SEEN HIS ADULT
CHILDREN?
( LAUGHTER )
AND IT'S NOT JUST AYERS.
NOBODY SEEMS TO WANT THIS JOB.
SOME OF THE NAMES FLOATED
INCLUDE, "TREASURY SECRETARY
STEVE MNUCHIN, WHO HAS NEVER
PURSUED THIS JOB OR HAS EVER
CONSIDERED HIMSELF FOR THE
ROLE," AND "WHITE HOUSE BUDGET
DIRECTOR MICK MULVANEY, WHO
REMAINS UNINTERESTED."
IT'S LIKE TRUMP'S TRYING TO GIVE
HIS ROSE AWAY IN "THE BACHELOR."
(AS TRUMP)
"I HOLD IN MY HANDS, THE FINAL
ROSE, AND I WOULD BE SO HONORED
IF YOU, STEPHANIE, WOULD-- NO?
OKAY.
CHLOE, I HAVE ALWAYS-- RIGHT
OKAY, MOVING ON.
ANYBODY WANT THIS THING?
CHRIS HARRISON?
YOU WANT TO EARN YOUR CHECK FOR
ONCE?
NOPE?
THE GUY HOLDING THE BOOM MIC,
YOU SINGLE?"
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
SO, THE PRESIDENT IS IN
DESPERATE NEED OF A CHIEF OF
STAFF WITH NO VIABLE CANDIDATES.
WHICH IS WHY I'D LIKE TO TAKE
THIS OPPORTUNITY TO OFFICIALLY
THROW MY HAT IN THE RING.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
( AUDIENCE CHANTING )
>> Stephen: I'M GOING TO
DEFINITELY DO IT.
>> Jon: YOU SHOULD DO IT!
>> Stephen: MR. PRESIDENT, I
STEPHEN COLBERT, AM YOUR NEXT
WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF.
( CHEERING )
WILL I BE ABLE TO CONTROL THE
PRESIDENT?
NO.
WILL WE FIGHT?
YEAH!
BUT I WILL BRING A STEADY HAND
TO A TUMULTUOUS WEST WING?
ALSO NO.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT NO ONE COULD!
WHO CARES?
AND, NO, I DON'T AGREE WITH THE
PRESIDENT'S POLICIES, AND, NO,
THIS WON'T HELP THE COUNTRY
BUT I BELIEVE IN MY HEART OF
HEARTS THAT THIS COULD BE FUN
FOR ME.
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
IT WOULD BE FUN.
CAN I DO IT?
IT WOULD BE GREAT!
WHO WOULDN'T PASS UP THE CHANCE
TO SPEND TEN MINUTES ON THE DECK
OF THE TITANIC WHILE IT'S
SINKING?
( LAUGHTER )
I'M REALLY CURIOUS TO HEAR WHAT
A BOUND SOUNDS LIKE WHEN THEY
KNOW THEY'RE ABOUT TO TAKE THE
BIG BATH.
THINGS ARE ABOUT TO GET EVEN
MORE CHAOTIC AT THE WHITE HOUSE
BECAUSE ROBERT MUELLER IS
BEGINNING TO SHOW HIS HAND.
>> YEAH!
>> Stephen: POKER FANS HERE
TONIGHT.
FRIDAY, MUELLER DROPPED HIS
SENTENCING RECOMMENDATION FOR
FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY AND REGRET
EMOJI MICHAEL COHEN.
( LAUGHTER )
AND WE'RE LEARNING ALL SORTS OF
JUICY DETAILS.
FOR INSTANCE, MICHAEL COHEN WAS
IN TOUCH AS FAR BACK AS 2015
WITH A RUSSIAN WHO OFFERED
"POLITICAL SYNERGY" WITH THE
TRUMP ELECTION CAMPAIGN.
"POLITICAL SYNERGY" IS A SUCH A
NICE WAY TO SAY "COLLUDING TO
FIX THE ELECTION."
( LAUGHTER )
THAT'S LIKE DESCRIBING
REPEATEDLY STABBING SOMEBODY AS
"TORSO VENTILATION."
( LAUGHTER )
LET'S GET SOME AIR IN THERE.
NOW, PROSECUTORS WANT COHEN TO
SERVE A SUBSTANTIAL PRISON TERM
FOR HIS PAYMENTS TO TRUMP
MISTRESSES KAREN MCDOUGAL AND
STORMY DANIELS, WHICH
CONSTITUTED ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN
CONTRIBUTIONS.
YEAH.
WE SHOULD HAVE SUSPECTED
SOMETHING WHEN TRUMP'S WEBSITE
ASKED IF YOU WANTED TO
CONTRIBUTE $25, $50, OR
"WHATEVER YOU CAN COUGH UP FOR
THE SPANK BANK."
( LAUGHTER )
THAT'S AN UNOFFICIAL TERM.
COHEN ARGUED FOR A LIGHTER
SENTENCE, CITING HIS SUPPORT FOR
OTHER CHARITABLE CAUSES.
IT'S TRUE.
WE KNOW HE GAVE TO CHARITY, AND
DESTINY
AND CANDY, GINGER AND SHYANNE.
( APPLAUSE )
NOW, COHEN'S SENTENCING
RECOMMENDATION DOES NOT MENTION
THE PRESIDENT BY NAME.
INSTEAD, IT SAYS HE ACTED AT THE
DIRECTION OF "INDIVIDUAL-1."
I NEVER THOUGHT I'D EVER SAY
THIS, BUT DONALD TRUMP, YOU'RE
NUMBER ONE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
YOU'RE NUMBER ONE!
WHOO!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
TRUMP SAW THIS NEWS ON FRIDAY,
AND TWEETED, "TOTALLY CLEARS THE
PRESIDENT.
THANK YOU!"
(AS TRUMP)
"YEP, TRUMP'S IN THE CLEAR!
BUT I'D HATE TO BE THAT
INDIVIDUAL-1 GUY.
HE IS TOTALLY SCREWED."